From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselman. It's a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists. Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number two
38. Recorded live Wednesday, October 27th, 2010.
Support from Hanselman it's is
provided by Tellerik. Our AP
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Phil hack about asp.net,
NBC three RC, and the
new get package. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman and this
is another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'm here at
PDC on the Microsoft campus
and we're hidden in a
room and studio E because
that was the only place
we could find a quiet
room. And my guest is
Phil hack. Hi Scott. How
you doing? How's it going,
sir? Good. What are we
releasing? So we're releasing asp.net
MVC three release candidate. Cool.
Among a bunch of other
products that we're releasing asp.net,
web pages, what matrix? All
kinds of stuff. Okay. So
NBC is marching on pretty
fast. I mean, I'm sure
that there are people who
are still on NBC one,
we're working on that. Maybe
skip the NBC to train,
you know, is it going
to keep going this fast
three, four or five? Are
you trying to get to
NBC nine when I eat
nine chips? Yeah. That that's
the grand vision all along
to hit that alignment there.
Right. So, yeah, I mean,
right now I'd like to
get back at least to
a yearly cadence and at
maximum, I don't know if
I can survive continuing to
keep this pace up, but
yeah, I mean, there's always
something to do. There's always
great feedback coming from the
community. So I think a
yearly cadence is kind of
a sweet spot. And so
that's kind of what we've
been on. Other, I feels
like this time around, we're
almost a little bit accelerated
with the release candidate schedule,
but I think that's kind
of a sweet spot where
people feel like there's a
momentum, but that we're not
completely inundating them. Although, you
know, the people who are
still on.net, one, one do
kind of feel left behind.
Sure. Is it hard to
upgrade it to Oh, sights
to three? Oh, like what's,
what's the involvement in doing
that? No, it's not going
to be that hard. We'll
have a tool like we
did for upgrading embassy one
Timothy two. The question is
really, do you want to
upgrade to the new view
engine, the razor view engine?
If you want to do
that, then yeah. There's going
to be a considerable amount
of work to do. If
you are content with the
web forms view engine, you
want to stay with that,
then the upgrade scenario should
be relatively painless. Okay. So
let's back up for a
second and talk to people
who maybe aren't on NBC.
What is a view engine?
What does a view engine?
So a view engine and
NBC is the part of
the framework that takes your
model that you've see, you
know, request comes in through
routing hits a controller and
a controller action that action
might query your database or
your object models, business logic,
web services, and then formulates
a, you know, this model
for the view that, what,
what are you, what exactly
are you going to display
to the end user? And
so you send that off
to the view engine and
the view engine will render
that in HTML typically, and
it will use one of
the registered view engines to
do that. So it's a
pluggable infrastructure, so an extensible
infrastructure. And so as part
of that rendering, you know,
the view engine is responsible
for generating market based on
some sort of template file.
Now, by default, we used
ASP X files or web
forms, a web form view
engine that was in MVC
one and MC two, but
an MC three, we have
a new option. So that
new option is the razor
view engine. And so you
can, when you start a
new MC three project, you
can choose between one or
the other. And it provides
a nice, really clean, streamlined
syntax for doing, for doing
view generation. Okay. So the,
the language that I'm writing
my view in it, this
is going to be a
little subtle, but I want
to make this point to
people who maybe haven't dug
into it. I'm not writing
it in HTML or at
least I don't have to,
like the output may be
HTML, but the thing that
I am writing, right, historically
doesn't have to be HTML.
Yeah. And so, you know,
typically with view engines that
we ship, it's a mixture
of code and markup, but
there are third party view
engines out there that completely,
you know, buck the grain,
right. There's a ham and
Hamill N H a M
L and they use a
completely custom domain specific language
for generating HTML that has
no HTML in the language
itself. Right. You use like
the little percent and indentation
to control it. So yeah,
other approaches use very declarative
approaches. So the code you
write doesn't have to be,
but typically like in the
case of razor, it's this
mixture of C-sharp or vb.net
code and HTML And an
asp.net. When I write this,
this view, whether it be
web forms or razor or
web forms on MVC, I'm
writing this mixture of markup
and HTML, assuming markup rather
than code that gets compiled
into some C-sharp. And then
that it is that comp
compiled kind of intermediate file
that then creates the, the
HTML that I want to
render. Yeah. Asp.net has this
whole competency runtime compilation model,
which sounds like an oxymoron,
but it actually works. And
so when you hit a
page or a view, the
first time the asp.net runtime
will compile it. And if
you go to the temporary
internet files and like one
of the tricks you do
is you put a compiler
error in your view and
then have debug on, and
you can view where HP
Donna actually puts the source
code file. So you can
actually go there and you'll
see the code. And it
looks like a bunch of
response rise, you know, maybe
how you might've done it
back in the classic ASP
day or something. So you're
saying that if I go
and write my own page
and I go HTML, a
bold Scott and bold, and
then I do this trick
to see the output, I'll
see response dot, right. HTML
bold. Yup. Okay. Now, when
you say web forms, view
engine, you're not literally meaning
web forms and NBC, I'm
not, it's just the engine
by which you do that
compilation. Yeah, that's correct. So
we went through a lot
of iterations trying to name
it. And so there's the,
what we thought the technically
correct name that no one
would understand was. And then
there's the, what's that, what's
that name? Well, all web
pages and web forms are,
and all user controls, which
you can also use in
MECs views, all derived from
a common template control class.
And so, you know, like
if we want to be
technically accurate, we could say,
well, it's a template control
view engine. Yeah. That would
not go over well, that
wouldn't have went any wards.
You know, not that way
from view engine naming, What
are some things that people
don't like about the web
forms view engine when they're
writing MVC, that would cause
you to go and make
something like razor. So the
web view engine is, you
know, there's a lot of
extra what you might call
syntactic noise or cruft that
goes in there. Code blocks
are all delimited by a
less than percent and percent
greater than you Just to
make sure, cause not everyone
who listens to the show
speaks English as fast as
we do. When you talk
about syntactic cruft, you're talking
about our constraint, tactic noise,
it's all the little things
that are required because of
historical reasons, like less than
percent, my code percent greater
than that. You really just
care about outputting my code.
And here I have four
or five, six extra characters
along for the ride for
no other reason than historical
reasons. A lot of that
kind of thing. And also
there's, you know, the, the
issue of like what the
power of the view engine
to express certain things like,
for example, let's say you
want to write a method
that returns a bit of
HTML. So in C sharp,
you can do it, but
you have to concatenate this
really the string. Right. And
you know, like if I
do input type equals text
box, right, you do return
double quotes, input type equals,
and now you need to
escape that quote. And, and
then in order to do
the quote for the attribute
value, and then when you
get to the value, you
need to call HTML that
Incode or whatever it is.
So Basically saying that in
that instance, I just want
to output some HTML, but
then she sharps syntactic baggage
gets in the way because
of things like escaping quotes.
So all these different kinds
of languages that I'm using
get in the way What's
really cool about razor is
that it has a really
nice clean syntax that kind
of gets out of your
way, helps you express what
it is you want to
do. You almost feel like
it just flows out. And,
and part of that comes
from it's the fact that
it actually understands sort of
the structure of HTML and
code. And it has a
very powerful way of interpreting
code and markup together. And
by that, I mean, things
like if you do, you
can have helper methods where
instead of returning a string
that you can catenate together,
you just return. And then
you start, you know, less
than input type and start
writing markup and almost like
a, a template within your
code for returning HTML. And
within that markup, if you
say value equals quote, and
then you use the app
sign, which, which is your
way of switching back to
code, do at sign, you
know, my value and then
double quote and continue with
the rest of the markup
that, that transition there is
really seamless. So I think
we've, that was interesting to
me and I was nodding,
but I'm sure that people
who are listening in their
cars completely lost that. So
let's try this cause it's
a podcast and it's hard
to talk about code in
a podcast, but let's say
I had a variable called
Fu yeah. And it's got
a word in it and
I'm going to say at
Fu and let's see at
the end, I put an
exclamation point. So I've got
at Fu exclamation point where
the exclamation point is butted
up. It's shoved up right
against Fu in the, in
the past, that would be
kind of a challenging thing.
How does that work in
razor? So in razor that
would work in that at
Fu we go to the
next character and we say,
is that a valid expression?
Is it part of the
code expression? And we'll have,
we may have to look
at the, even the next
character because you know, let's
say it's at food dot,
right? Meaning that I'm going
to say the end of
a sentence, like Abu and
then period That's example, I
have a variable name, first
name, and then I print
out, you know, big, bold
tag, you know, slash BS
and slash high at first
name dot. So I want
to say, hi Phil, heck
period. Yeah. So what razor
can do is they can
figure out that that period
is meant to be part
of the text and markup
and not part of your
expression because it looks at
the next character and says,
well, that next character is
a space or a less
than, or something that couldn't
possibly be valid for code.
So in that case, we
know that we're back in
markup mode and then we
do the right thing. And
there's a lot of cases
where razor just does the
right thing. And you know,
when you don't, when you're
just doing it, you realize,
Oh, you know, whatever. But
when you think about it,
you're like, wow, how did
that work? Right. It's interesting.
When I started learning razor,
my first impression was this
is really confusing. I have
to know all of these
rules, but then when I
started working on it for
my talk here at PDC,
I started realizing that the
less you think about it,
the better, and it will
usually do the right. My
favorite example that I show
people is I have this
list of objects. I have
an array and I want
to generate a, an unordered
list and HTML. So with
the web form view engine,
you did less than percent
for each, you know, VAR
item and whatever, and then
percent close. And then, you
know, you do the LA
tags in the middle, and
then you closed, you have
to, Right. So to translate
that you make a four
loop and you have your
list item, your list item,
but you're going in and
out and in and out
of code view and Mark
up and code. Yeah. In
and around the, for each
block, you have to have
code nuggets and on the
closing code nuggets, is that
what they're called? Yeah. Less
than percent percent greater than
code nugget. Yeah. So you
don't want to leave these
code nuggets all over the
place. Right. But so, but
then you need the code
nugget just for the closing
curly brace, right? Oh, you
need more. Yeah. You need
less than percent curly race
and then percent less. So
you need like, what does
that five characters? Yeah. Five.
Just, just to say, I'm
done now, I'm done with
this code block or this
code block. So this gets
back to what I mentioned
earlier about razor being a
razor, understanding the structure of
code and Martin. So what
you do in razors, you
do add for each VAR
foo in whatever open. Oh,
wait a second. So you
say, add, and you just
start writing code, you just
start writing code. There's no
parentheses or brackets or anything
to put around it. Exactly.
You just start writing code.
And when you're ready to
start emitting markup, you just
use a less than, okay.
Use a, you know, you
just use a, you just
start writing markup. So do
add for each bar, foo
in whatever, you know, close
the four loop, open the
curly brace for the four
block. And then I would
type like slash L R
less than L I greater
than, you know, You go
at, you start writing C
sharp in the way that
you stop and like start
writing markup, which is you
just start writing, Writing markup.
Exactly. You don't need to
close that for, you know,
when do you close the
whole four loop at the
end when you do the
closing curly brace? Because, Because
that's not markup now, what
if I wanted a curly
brace, then you have ways
of escaping it. I see,
hi, this is Scott coming
to you from another place
in time. Are you using
agile practices to manage your
software development? There's lots of
tools in the market that
manage the steps of a
project, but most of them
focus on individual roles. Get
ready for a solution that
caters for the success of
the whole team. Guys at
Tellerik introduced team pulse. It's
an agile project management tool.
That'll help you gather ideas,
estimate plan, track progress in
a common workspace. Finally, companies,
regardless of their size can
use a lightweight and convenient
tool that makes all the
stakeholders work as a United
team. Even if they're in
different countries by combining intuitive
user interface and the power
server light team poles removes
the roadblocks that you typically
face and applying agile in
an effective manner, no more
lost data, no disparate systems,
no lack of critical analytics
regarding the health and philosophy
project. See if yourself, you
get a free copy for
five users in one project
at tellerik.com/team pulse. And please
do thank Tellerik for supporting
Hansel minutes on their Facebook
fan page, facebook.com T L
E R I K Tellerik.
We do appreciate it. There
wouldn't be a Hansel minutes.
If there wasn't, Tellerik helping
us. Now, a lot of
people who may be into
NBC might think that this
sounds a lot like spark
and people have made comparisons
between the spark view engine,
which is a very HTML,
markup focused view engine. And
they've said, well, spark seems
a lot like, like razor,
if you dig into it,
they're actually quite different. But
why do you think those
comparisons are initially made? Because
spark is very popular among
those who keep track of
these things. And it's a
very clean view engine as
well. And so there's sort
of this comparison of, Oh,
both of these approaches are
very clean Louis Hardin, or I
always get, I think it's
Louis D Jarden Lewis, but
I always pronounce it like
he's French. And I say,
Louis, these are, which is
totally wrong because I think
he's from like the Midwest
somewhere. Yeah. Well, I think
his name is French, but
anyways, really, really He is
not French, but he's not
French indeed. Okay then, but
he's a very smart guy.
And so he's Regardless of
being friends or not, he's
brilliant Lewis. He's a brilliant
guy. And he joined Microsoft
and he was, you know,
involved in some of the
design and, you know, discussions
around this. And he had
a really interesting insight. He
felt that what razor is,
is really taking this code
driven approach to doing templating
where spark is very markup
driven and declarative approach to
doing templating. So there's sort
of like two different sides
of the same coin in
terms of, you know, do
you want your code to
drive this or do you
want a markup to drive
it? So when, when you
answer the question, why didn't
I, why didn't we Microsoft
just use spark as it
was? Why? So that, that
goes back to sort of
the overall web strategy where
we have this new offering
called asp.net web pages, which
targets a more beginner audience
initially. And so the idea
here is that, you know,
we wanted to have this
very simple, streamlined, very imperative
model for developing simple web
pages. And, but that the
knowledge that you learned doing
that you could graduate up
to asp.net MVC. And we
felt that keeping the same
syntax for both models made
sense. And we felt that
this syntax really worked well,
especially for those who are
coming from, you know, let's
say PHP or classic ASP
background, or have heard of
those things. They really, you
know, they would be familiar
with this model of doing
a web development, But I
would definitely encourage listeners to
go back into the Hansel
minutes archives and listen to
the show I did with
Louie Louis on spark. And
he gets more into the
details of that. And I
assume that we can choose
any of these, like, just
because razor is the default
I could use spark, or
if I like web forms,
I can use that. Can
I mix and match them
in my am I saying,
am I saying a project?
Yeah. So a part of
the work we're doing for
MVC three is to make,
to put other view engines
on more of an equal
platform. So for example, you
will be able to plug
in into the file, new
project dialogue. There's two choices
you're given a razor is
the first choice web forms
is the second. And then
you can hook in other
view engines in there. If
you want spark in there,
you can put it in
there also in the add
view dialogue, which has this
ability to scaffold your model.
You can choose which view
engine you want the scaffold
to be created with. And
then, so you can put
spark in there and we'll
be working with Lou and
his team and the spark
team to help them have
that ready. Hopefully by the
time we are TM, Okay.
RTM released to manufacturing or
RTW. Yeah. Our team has
kind of a anachronism for
that. And if you want
to mix and match, you
can have partial views, for
example, in one view engine,
but the main view in
another. So if you were
doing some kind of transition
over from one view engine
to another, and you just
wanted to call this existing
partial, that was ESPN, That
will just work. So it's
really about picking the tool
for the job. Like I've
even seen people take view
engines and use them to
render HTML email. Like you
might have an application that
makes an email, you could
do all of your main
pages in razor, and you
could say maybe spark is
more appropriate for your email
generation or Yeah. And in
fact, razor is actually going
to be very good for
those kinds of scenarios as
well, because much like spark
it's a fully hosted will.
And by that, I mean,
you can write a console
app that makes use of
razor and Andrew nurse. The
developer on razor has I
think a really great blog
posts that he needs to
update, but for the latest
version, but he has a
blog post about how you
could like use a razor
template to generate, you know,
something using a console app.
So not tied to asp.net
to too tightly In the
past. Microsoft doesn't really make
things that component, like just
that scenario, like the idea
that, Oh yeah. And I
might want to do this
outside, you know, in kind
of classic asp.net. And in
the old days, it's not
quite that, that component. Is
that something that you are
pushing as the feature PM
or is there like an
idea virus that's finally reached
inside of Microsoft? That's saying
make stuff reusable. I think,
I think it's a little
bit of both. I'd like
to take credit for all
of that, but I think
the, I think that idea
was already there. I think
that idea had kind of
started to take hold and
I think that's why people
like me were brought in
to kind of perpetuate that
idea right. And to push
for that, the ability and
a lot of that is
driven by simple little things.
Like we want people to
be able to write unit
tests of their code, right?
You just like, you know,
Values, you're expressing a value
like that as a team,
we value these things, Hey,
this, our customers value TDD
and they want to be
able to do it without
too much friction. Right. So
when you have those values,
then these things kind of
fall out of it. Right?
Well, I can't write a
unit test of my view
code if my view code
these deep hooks into the
runtime that have to be
present in order for that
code to even run. And
that's what, that's the situation
you find yourself in with
web form view engines, unfortunately
for legacy reasons. And so
with razor though, we don't
have that legacy baggage as
much of that legacy baggage.
So we can take a
look and say, well, can
we make this more of
a library that's callable from
any context, rather than having
this deep coupling between asp.net
and razor. So switching gears
a little bit, speaking of
reuse, I'm thinking the, the,
the previously the, what was
called the new pack project
and has now been renamed
to new get, and you
G T and we'll hopefully
have all that updated new
get.org, and that'll redirect you
to the appropriate places. Yep.
Is that is shipping in
NBC or so New is
really interesting in terms of
how it shipping. It will
be included as part of
MVC three in the sense
that when you install asp.net,
MVC three, you will have
a new pack installed. You'll
get new, get gotcha. Yeah.
We had to rename it
because there's a group at
Caltech that has a nucleic
acid package. And while we
didn't think that they really
conflicted, they do conflict. Cause
they're both software packages and
they made a very kind
request. And we were, you
know, since this is the
beginning of something, the outer
curve foundation that owns the
new pack name said, let's
switch that over. Yeah. So
Provide context for those who
don't know what the heck
is a good point. What
are we talking about? The
outer curve foundation. Yeah. It's
not the outer space foundation.
Yes. So there's a bunch,
a bunch of weird naming
stuff going on code. I
always thought copex.com was where
you put your source and
copex.org for organization as the
organization. I thought that was
crystal clear. Apparently I'm the
only guy who thinks that
crystal clear that that using
a top level domain is
you can't see this, but
I'm shaking my head. Yeah.
I know. So code plex.org,
the foundation for open source,
which has not a Microsoft
thing, it's a separate organization,
renamed themselves to the outer
curve foundation, outer curve. Say
what you like about the
name? That's what they renamed.
Coincidentally at the, in a,
in a similar timeframe within
a couple of weeks, the
guys at Caltech were like,
Hey, we have a thing
called new pack. We've had
it for five or six
years. You know, I know
you think it doesn't conflict.
We think it does. And
then we had just started
new pack, the package management
system. We said, well, we'll
change. It did a bunch
of votes. A lot of
different names went by and
we changed it to new,
get new, get. Yep. What
about new guests? That's really,
I think interesting is that
new get is a fully
open source project. We assigned
it over to the outer
curve foundation and that means
we can accept contributions. So
unlike, you know, ESPN MC,
which, you know, not w
we can't accept contributions, you
know, code contribution from people
yet, but with new pack
as new, get how this
is gonna take a long
time. I know I wanted
to call it like Phil
get or hack pack. I
like tack pack backpack. Some
people said a goop pack.
Yeah. Yeah. Cause, cause that's
the legend that anything that
we release got goo wrote
on an airplane the day
before, but I pointed out,
it sounds like boop, boop,
goop Peck now. Okay. So
new get is an open
source project. Yeah. Open source
projects. We accept contributions from
the community and yes, we
have core features as well.
So we've had real features
implemented that will ship. And
here's the best part. This
is we'll ship within visual
studio at some point. That's
cool. Yeah. It's interesting. I
upgraded to a new build
last night and noticed that
one of the main dialogue
boxes like, Oh, you know,
a whole feature within tools,
options inside of visual studio
had changed. So I chatted
one of the guys who
is my Microsoft developer working
on the project and congratulated
him. And he said, no,
no, a guy in the
community did all that. And
that's going to take awhile
getting used to, I know
that we're a little bit,
Microsoft is a little bit
late to the open source
game, but I hope that
this is going to represent
a whole new opening of
open source, you know, at
Microsoft, You know, there, there,
there are those who will
criticize well, you know, Microsoft's
coming really late to the
open source game, but at
the same time, you know,
it is Microsoft. And the
fact that they're coming at
all is I think a
good thing. And the fact
that we're pushing it forward.
I mean, when I joined
almost nothing was open source
at Microsoft at the same
time. Yeah. Roughly, yeah. You're
three months, Three years. I'm
three years this month. So
I was three years sober.
You're more than no October 15th.
You're right. I joined three
years last week and I
joined in July. So I'm
three years in some change
and some change. Yep. Okay.
Yeah. And we were trying
to turn, turn this giant
battleship around as long as
with other people like Lynn
block and, and Garrett Surak
and lots and lots of
different people, but we're all
little people trying to turn
this thing around. It's, it's
a, you know, it's, I
think what really helps is
that we have a big
gun, you know, who's, who's
interested in seeing this happen.
Right, Right. More and more
bosses, at least within our
division, get it, get it
before it's like just the
lowly people. And then it's
the general manager and then
it's the vice president and
you just spread that idea
virus around. And now that
we've got what we call
an at Microsoft air cover,
right. Air cover means that
someone who's really high up
at the company thinks what
you're doing is a good
idea. Now that we all
have air cover. I hope
that we see more opensource.
Yep. Yeah. And I think
new get really fits well
into this movement. And what
new get does is let's
say, let's say I have
a I'm building, I'm developing
a project, a web application,
and I want to get
a really cool library. I
heard about, you know, Elma
is one example, right? Delegating
error, logging modules, and handlers
Elma, Very creatively named. And
so there's a lot of
steps. Just incorporate that library
into my project. You know,
I need to put it
in some folder. I need
to find it, download it.
You know, if I download
it with IE or Chrome,
unblock it, you know, put
the DLL in a known
location at a project reference
to that. And if I'm
a web app, I need
to add some config sections
to my web dot config
file for a library like
fluent and hibernate. There's even
more steps where fluent and
hibernate itself has dependencies on
other libraries, which may themselves
have dependencies. So we have,
so, you know, you have
to track all these dependencies
and then, then you run
into the situation where that
I run to working on
an open source project called
Subutex, where now that I'm
using 15 of these third
party, open source libraries, and
I'm ready to release the
next version of my project.
How to, how the heck
do I know which ones
need to be updated? Right.
Like I go to, what
I used to do is
I go to each one,
I, I searched for the
project page and I try
to find, Oh yeah, there's
a new one. Okay. I'll
grab it. Oh, well, how
does that change? My dependency
change and all that. Right.
So new games Is going
to new guests Attempts to
solve this problem. The lack
of a dotnet package manager
has been a huge problem
for years. And there's been
a number of attempts in
the community before new get
like end jam and horn
and different things, as well
as new a project that
was doing the same thing
with Ruby gems. And then
also now open wrap, which
can consume new get feeds.
So there's a lot of
interesting work happening in package
management right now, and a
lot of collaboration and we're
going to be hosting a
feed of all of this
stuff. Yup. Yup. And hopefully
in the next few months,
we'll see that kind of
more details emerge. Yep. So
currently we have a temporary
fee that you can go
to and you can put
your packages up there to
test them out and you
can download these things, but
there's a separate project that's
underway that will produce a
full fledged gallery for packages.
And that gallery source code
we'll be hosting our gallery,
our official new get gallery.
But that source code will
also be given out as
an open source project. So
anyone who wants to host
their own feed can make
use of it. Cool. And
of course you can also
make a gallery of your
own inside your company on
a, on a file share
somewhere and just say, there's
all the packages. That's correct.
So, which is a really
nice feature of new pack
is that you can just
drop, take a folder, share,
drop a few files in
there and a new pack
again, new get caught me.
Yeah. So you drop some
files in there and then
you just add in the
new, get dialogue options, dialog,
you can add a set
of packaged sources, right. And
that source can be a
URL like HB, colon, whatever.
Yeah. Or it can be,
you know, C colon slash
packages on your local machine
or slash slash you know,
computer name slash. So even
internally at your own company,
you could share closed source
packages that your enterprise shares.
If you felt like it,
I've already known. The big
enterprise has moved into that
direction where they have a
lot of like internal libraries
that are very specific to
their projects and that they're
now moving to using new
get to. Okay, cool. So
NVC three release candidate we'll
include part Of this and
then they can go and
get it themselves at code
plus. Yup. You can go
to covid.com and you can
build from source. And we'll
also put out the leases
updates to the visual studio
extension gallery. Okay. And then
in the future, at some
point when all the ducks
are in a row, this
will be available for visual
studio in some future update.
Yeah. So it will be
when it will roll into
visual studio is when the
next version of MVC rolls
into visuals. CDO. Alright. Very
cool. Thank you, Phil. Thank
you. Alright, let's go. It's
PDC a week here at
the Microsoft campus. So let's
go do our meet and
greet and have some pizza.
Cause that's what we're doing
right now. All right. Let's
do it. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes.
I'll see you again next
week.